Bio::ToolBox::Extra - Esoteric scripts and functions for BioToolBox

DESCRIPTION

This is a collections of old, esoteric, specialized, and/or outdated 
scripts that used to be part of the BioToolBox package before being 
expunged from the main distribution. These scripts are kept for 
historical purposes. Some are still useful, some may be useful, and 
others are best left to the dustbins of history. Many are specialized 
scripts for personal research purposes, but could be useful to 
someone, somewhere.

Most of these scripts do not use the modern object-oriented API of 
Bio::ToolBox::Data, relying instead on exported functions from 
file_helper and db_helper. If I haven't gotten around to rewriting 
them by now, they very well may never be updated. If you feel the 
urge to do so, by all means, fork the project and do so. 

There are two gff exporting functions that have been expunged from 
Bio::ToolBox::file_helper; these have been moved into 
Bio::ToolBox::Extra for lack of a better home.

REQUIREMENTS

These are Perl modules and scripts. They require Perl and a unix-like 
command-line environment. They have been developed and tested on Mac 
OS X and linux; Microsoft Windows compatability is not tested nor 
guaranteed.

Most recent versions of Perl will work; older versions will require 
additional updating for compatibility.

These scripts require the installation of Bio::ToolBox, and all the 
requirements therein. Please install that first.

INSTALLATION

Installation is simple with the standard Perl incantation.
    perl ./Build.PL
    ./Build installdeps     # if necessary
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Installation may also be managed through a package manager, either the 
CPAN shell or a utility such as cpanminus.

PROJECT WEBSITE

The BioToolBox Extras project repository may be found at
https://github.com/tjparnell/biotoolbox-extra 

Please contact the author for bugs. Contact information is at the 
project website.




